ESF-905 Trustly documentation (#421)
SwedbankPay/developer.swedbankpay.com: payments/trustly/index.md

---
title: Swedbank Pay Trustly Payments
sidebar:
  navigation:
  - title: Trustly Payments
    items:
    - url: /payments/trustly
      title: Introduction
    - url: /payments/trustly/redirect
      title: Redirect
    - url: /payments/trustly/seamless-view
      title: Seamless View
    - url: /payments/trustly/after-payment
      title: After Payment
    - url: /payments/trustly/other-features
      title: Other Features
---

{% include jumbotron.html body="**Trustly Payments** is one of the easiest
                                payment service where Swedbank Pay helps improve
                                cashflow by purchasing merchant invoices. Choose
                                between our **Redirect** and

>                                 **Seamless view** integration options." %}

Author: Done

{% include alert.html type="informative"
                      icon="cached"
                      body="**Redirect** is the easiest way to implement Invoice
                      Payments. Redirect will take your consumer to a Swedbank
                      Pay hosted payment page where they can perform a secure
                      transaction. The consumer will be redirected back to your

>                       website after the completion of the payment." %}

Author: Done

{% include alert.html type="informative"
                      icon="branding_watermark"
                      body="**Seamless View** is our solution for a payment
                      experience that is integrated directly on your website.
                      The payment process will be executed in an `iframe` on
                      your page." %}

### Important steps before you launch Swedbank Pay Invoice Payments at your website

Prior to launching Trustly Payments at your site, make sure that
you have done the following:

> 1. Make sure that the payment option is displayed with a Trustly logo.

Reviewer: @asbjornu Is the design guide a suitable place?

> 1. Make sure that the payment option is displayed with a Trustly logo.

Reviewer 2: @snasegh, yes indeed.

> 1. Make sure that the payment option is displayed with a Trustly logo.

Reviewer: Or maybe we can copy Trustly's guidelines: https://trustly.com/en/developer/documents

**Show Trustly with the official logotype**

1. The Trustly payment option should be presented with the official logotype with sufficient space around it. If you have a dark background on your site, contact us and we’ll provide you with a suitable version.

2. The logotype should be presented in the following locations:
In the footer shown on all pages of your website
<img src="https://static.trustly.com/logotype/footer/trustly_X.png">
(Adjust the logo to a suitable size for your website by replacing “X” in the URL with the preferred pixel width. Available width sizes are from 10 to 300 pixels).

3. During the entire payment process performed in the iframe

4. Where other payment options logotypes are presented (see example below)

> 1. Make sure that the payment option is displayed with a Trustly logo.

Reviewer 2: Let's reference Trusty's guidelines with a link.

## API Requests

The API requests are displayed in the sales flow below.

## Languages

Trustly is supported in Swedish.

## Trustly flow

This is an example of the Redirect scenario. For other integrations, take a
look at the respective sections. The sequence diagram below shows the two
requests you have to send to Swedbank Pay to make a purchase. The diagram also
shows the steps in a [sale][sale] process.

The Trustly integration uses the Deposit call by performing a payment. After
SwedbankPay perform a `Deposit` call https://trustly.com/en/developer/api#/deposit, the end-user will be presented with the returned IFrame URL in order to perform
the payment with their prefered bank. Once the user has completed the payment,
SwedbankPay will receive a notification asynchronously from Trustly, hence why
the UI will initiate polling toward our back-end. The payment status after being
redirect to `completeUrl` will then indicate if the payment was successful or

> not, or if the payment is still in progress.

Author: Unsure if we should expose this complexity in our documentation. I feel it is relevant for how the overall payment process works, but it is not required to be fully understood by a service integrator. What do you guys think? @asbjornu @marinafrydenb

      title: After Payment
    - url: /payments/trustly/other-features
      title: Other Features
---

{% include jumbotron.html body="**Trustly Payments** is the simplest way to
provide **Direct Bank** payments on your website. Choose between our
**Redirect** and **Seamless View** integration options." %}

{% include alert.html type="informative"
                      icon="cached"
                      body="**Redirect** is the easiest way to do **Direct
                      Bank** payments. Redirect will take the payer to a
                      Swedbank Pay hosted payment page where they can perform a
                      secure transaction. The consumer will be redirected back
                      to your website after the completion of the payment." %}

{% include alert.html type="informative" icon="branding_watermark"
                      body="**Seamless View** is our solution for a payment
                      experience that is integrated directly on your website.
                      The payment process will be executed in an `iframe` on
                      your page." %}

### Important steps before you launch Swedbank Pay Trustly Payments at your website

> Prior to launching Trustly Payments at your site, make sure that
> you have done the following:
> 
> 1. Make sure that the payment option is displayed with a Trustly logo,
>    corresponding to the [Trustly Guidelines][trustly-guidelines].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Prior to launching Trustly Payments at your site, make sure that
the payment option is displayed with a Trustly logo, corresponding
to [Trustly's guidelines][trustly-guidelines].
```
